[DOC] updates gh-pages docs for 25.02.0 release [skip ci] (#12185)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids: docs/download.md

* Download the [PUB_KEY](https://keys.openpgp.org/search?q=sw-spark@nvidia.com).
* Import the public key: `gpg --import PUB_KEY`
* Verify the signature for Scala 2.12 jar:
    `gpg --verify rapids-4-spark_2.12-25.02.0.jar.asc rapids-4-spark_2.12-25.02.0.jar`
* Verify the signature for Scala 2.13 jar:
    `gpg --verify rapids-4-spark_2.13-25.02.0.jar.asc rapids-4-spark_2.13-25.02.0.jar`

The output of signature verify:

	gpg: Good signature from "NVIDIA Spark (For the signature of spark-rapids release jars) <sw-spark@nvidia.com>"

### Release Notes

> * Support Spark function Bin
> * Improve spark metrics: Print the batch size information to executor log
> * Refine filter push down to avoid double evaluation
> * Grab the GPU Semaphore when reading cached batch data with the GPU to avoid a GPU OOM case
> * Add an option to disable measuring buffer copy to improve large shuffle large partition serialization
> * Support group-limit optimization for ROW_NUMBER

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support the Spark functions Bin and TruncDate
* Support group-limit optimization for ROW_NUMBER
* Improve Spark metrics: Print the batch size information to executor log
* Refine filter push down to avoid double evaluation
* Grab the GPU Semaphore when reading cached batch data with the GPU to avoid a GPU OOM case
* Add an option to disable measuring buffer copy to improve large shuffle large partition serialization
```
